{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Identify the incorrect statement about compilation and execution of java programs\par
2. What command is used to save the standard output in a file, as well as display it on the terminal?\par
3. Which command is used to change the I/O characteristics of the terminal?\par
4. Which Linux command list the content of all sub directory?\par
5. What will be the output of the following Java code?\par
1.    class array_output\par
2.    \{\par
3.        public static void main(String args[])\par
4.        \{\par
5.          int array_variable[][] = \{\{ 1, 2, 3\}, \{ 4 , 5, 6\}, \{ 7, 8, 9\}\};\par
6.            int sum = 0;\par
7.            for (int i = 0; i < 3; ++i)\par
8.                for (int j = 0; j <  3 ; ++j)\par
9.                    sum = sum + array_variable[i][j];\par
10.            System.out.print(sum / 5);\par
11.        \}\par
12.    \}\par
6. How many constructors in the String class?\par
7. What will be the output of below statements?\par
\par
String s = "Java String Quiz"; System.out.println(s.charAt(s.toUpperCase().length()));\par
8. What will be the output of the following class?\par
class C \par
 \{ \par
 public static void main(String[] args) \par
 \{ \par
 String s1 = "Hello"; \par
 String s2="India"; \par
 String s3=s1+s2; \par
 String s4=s1.concat(s2); \par
 System.out.println(s3==s4); \par
 System.out.println(s3.equals(s4)); \par
\}\par
\}\par
9. Which component is responsible for optimizing byte-codes?\par
10. Which of these cannot be declared static?\par
11. Which of the following statements are incorrect?\par
12. What will be the output of the following Java program?\par
1.    class access\par
2.    \{\par
3.        public int x;\par
4.         static int y;\par
5.        void cal(int a, int b)\par
6.        \{\par
7.            x +=  a ;\par
8.            y +=  b;\par
9.        \}       \par
10.    \}   \par
11.    class static_specifier\par
12.    \{\par
13.        public static void main(String args[])\par
14.        \{\par
15.            access obj1 = new access();\par
16.            access obj2 = new access();  \par
17.            obj1.x = 0;\par
18.            obj1.y = 0;\par
19.            obj1.cal(1, 2);\par
20.            obj2.x = 0;\par
21.            obj2.cal(2, 3);\par
22.            System.out.println(obj1.x + " " + obj2.y);    \par
23.        \}\par
24.   \}\par
13. When invoking a method with an object argument, ___________ is passed.\par
14. Choose the correct answer.\par
15. What will be the output of the following program?\par
class RecursiveFor\par
\{\par
    public static void main(String[] args)\par
    \{\par
        int out = 15;\par
        for (int i = 4; i < 6; i++)\par
        \{\par
            for (int j = 7; j >= 5; j--)\par
            \{\par
                if (i == j) continue;\par
                if (i > j)\par
                \{\par
                    out += main(i, j);\par
                \}\par
                else\par
                \{\par
                    out += main(j, i);\par
                \}\par
            \}\par
        \}\par
        System.out.println("out = " + out);\par
    \}\par
\par
\par
    private static int main(int a, int b)\par
    \{\par
        if (a + b == 0)\par
        \{\par
            return 2;\par
        \}\par
        return a + main(a - 1, b);\par
    \}\par
\}\par
16. What is the right output of this program ?\par
\par
public class BitwiseNotOperator\{\par
   public static void main(String[] args) \par
     \{\par
\par
      int i = 50;\par
      System.out.print(~i);\par
      System.out.print(",");\par
      System.out.print(~--i);\par
      System.out.print(",");\par
      System.out.print(~++i);\par
   \}\par
\}\par
\u8203?\par
17. The operating system and the other processes are protected from being modified by an already running process because ____________\par
18. Where are placed the list of processes that are prepared to be executed and waiting?\par
19. By shell into the parameter, __ reads the first argument\par
20. The program is interrupted by_________ command in appropriate way.\par
21. Which system call can be used by a parent process to determine the termination of child process?\par
22. The entry of all the PCBs of the current processes is in __________\par
23. If one thread opens a file with read privileges then:\par
24. A computer system supports 32-bit virtual addresses as well as 32-bit physical addresses. Since the virtual address space is of the same size as the physical address space, the operating system designers decide to get rid of the virtual memory entirely. Which one of the following is true?\par
Answers\par
1. Efficient implementation of multi-user support is no longer possible\par
2. The processor cache organization can be made more efficient now\par
3. Hardware support for memory management is no longer needed\par
4. CPU scheduling can be made more efficient now\par
25. In Process Address Space, The variable names, constants, and instruction labels are the basic elements of ____________.\par
26. In which type of Fragmentation, Memory block assigned to process is bigger. Some portion of memory is left unused, as it cannot be used by another process.\par
27. A swapper manipulates ___________ whereas the pager is concerned with individual _______ of a process.\par
28. Segment replacement algorithms are more complex than page replacement algorithms because ____________\par
29. Command used to check shared memory is\par
30. One process requires M resource to complete a job. What should be the minimum number of resources available for N processes so that at least one process can continue to execute without blocking/waiting?\par
31. Which of the following are the major disadvantages of requesting all resources while preventing deadlock?\par
i) delay process initiation\par
ii) future resources requirements must be known\par
iii) subject to cyclic restart\par
32. Which of the following are the thread synchronization primitives supported by Solaris\par
  i)  Mutual exclusion  \par
 ii)  Semaphores   \par
iii)  Signals  \par
iv)  Condition variables\par
33. In which of the following Algorithm where the reference bit is used to determine whether a page has been recently referenced, and some page that has not been recently referenced is replaced?\par
34. In which of the following Page replacement Policy, at every page fault the page replacement policy replaces the page that was loaded into memory earlier than any other page of the process?\par
35. In UNIX, the set of masked signals can be set or cleared using the ________ function.\par
36. In most cases, if a process is sent a signal while it is executing a system call :\par
37. Both processes (the parent and the child) continue execution at the instruction after the fork(), with one difference: the return code for the fork() is ______ for the new (child) process, whereas the _____ process identifier of the child is returned to the parent.\par
38. When the operating system has performed a_____ operation, it has two choices for selecting a process either admitting a newly created process or bring in a previously suspended process.\par
39. There are the following statements that are given below, which of them are correct about Regular expressions in the Linux operating system?\par
A. The regular expressions are strings that are used for pattern matching in some Linux commands.\par
B. The regular expressions are also known as a regex.\par
C. The regular expressions use some characters that each has a different meaning.\par
D. Regular expressions can only be used in the Linux commands.\par
40. Which of the following command is used to display only directories that exist in the current directory?\par
}
 